Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

(This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best knowledge
at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the beginning to the
end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and some of the ideas we
proposed change. This is part of completing any project and is fine.
However, we still must write a proposal so that our teachers or
supervisors know what we intend to do. Please answer each of the
following questions to the best of your knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
    The MCU (Marvel Cinnematic Universe) Movie (& TV show) Index

2. What real world problem will your program address or help to solve?
    Rather than searching everywhere on google, looking through many random websites, and
    potentially spending much time to find what you may be looking for, the MCU Index can help
    an MCU fan quickly lookup info about the Marvel Universe. They can find out the release timeline,
    the actual timeline that the MCU goes in, and much more.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
    I will learn how to use the coding we have learned and use files and indexes for information storing
    and use functions to search through information and with user inputs, find the info wanted. 

4. What Python modules will your program use? (Some examples are: csv,
datetime, functools, matplotlib, math, pandas, pytest, random, requests,
and tkinter.)
    It honestly depends on how I may need to store all of my information of the movies. If it ends
    up being best to store it in a csv, then a csv. Otherwise it might need to be pulled from a .txt.
    I may also use a random module to make a menu option for the user to get a randomly picked movie
    of the MCU to watch. I will learn and research of the module(s) I will need to use to accomplish these things.
    So far it looks like I will be trying to use the requests module as well.

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?
    It is highly likely I will use multiple functions for multiple tasks. I think I may use a seperate
    functions for each menu choice. Also, isn't that the whole purpose of this class is to make us use functions?


6. Will you write test functions to test many of your program functions?
    Is this supposed to be a trick question?? It says in the assignment we will need to. So....
    I have to. 

(Remember that it's hard to test functions that get user input and print
output. It's easy to test functions that don't get user input and don't
print output but instead have parameters and return a result. Therefore,
you should write most of your program functions to have parameters and
return a result.)
    ^ Yeah...that might get a bit messy and tricky....

    Student Side note: After some future research and potential realization of the work that 
    will be needed to accomplish this...subject/entire proposal and project may change. 

    This sounds much more complex than what is mentioned in the ideas section or even ideas from
    the given websites. If this is supposed to be a project over the next few weeks...why do they
    all sound like they would be short and somewhat easy?

    Other potential ideas:
    -Youtube video downloader (is that not illegal?-suggested on website)
    - Class Code Definer (CSE111= Programming with Functions)
